ok I confess to you a real one
weak for portable speakers e
that of even two aces up its sleeve
the first is the dimensions
the second came from the battery
ankara speaker you can buy on
amazon to just under 38 euros and in three
different colors blue black and
white will come home in one of those
packages that I like to define no
stress because you can easily
open without knives and scissors e
above all it succeeds in the epic enterprise
to put everything back into his own
internal without becoming mad
inside the package we find a
small one full of health the speaker
the minijack cable from two and a half the cable
micro usb and a handy bag
velvety for transport
in short, everything that can serve with a
small portable speaker that like
rather early in the opening
compact and has a shape does not weigh
much and quietly in the palm of
one hand and made entirely in
plastic goes assembly and quality
of the materials used and really
I assure you I really like it
very perhaps also the contrast
of color between the body and the others
details such as the push-button panel and the
superior spirit on one of the faces of the
keys are clearly visible keys dedicated to the
volume and play a little break on Via
blue led that indicates the status of
operation and below we find a
small microphone sideways are
present mini jack and micro usb ports
and freedom of ignition
only detail that has found some
out of tune both the tiny dimensions that
because of the difficulty to operate it because it is
a little too hard
inside the speaker hunter has
inserted a 2,100 milan battery for
now the real strength of the device
able to guarantee a fortnight of
hours or using the connection
bluetooth 4.0 is almost twenty with the
cable connection autonomy that
personally I have never encountered in
similar devices and above all of
these dimensions
you think i'm trying it from one
twenty days and reloaded only
once really fantastic
how it sounds sounds well kept always
account of its size made the
power of 4 watts sufficient for
listen to music from your smartphone
or watch a good movie
the audio is pretty balanced though
pushes slightly downwards and in
general from the idea of being more powerful
of the watts it records on paper
in short, it gives a good experience
sound always comfortable, finally the
possibility to use it as a speaker
hands-free for receiving calls and
to make facetime video calls
the answer comes by means of the key
central and the conversation is fluid
even staying a little distance for
conclude I will tell you the speaker of hunger
it is certainly a nice little product
well in the kitchen in the bathroom and terrace
on the towel while you take the
only the dimensions the duration of the
battery and why not even its price
they are real strengths and valid reasons
that could push you to buy
more details the photos and links that them
you will find in the article online from today
on the site
I, as always, invite you to leave me
like to write me in the comments because it
you know
I always say a greeting from manuel
Augustin and see you next time
always here to think macboo dream